Update instructions of creating a new dashboard (#43945)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/getting-started/onboarding_dashboard.markdown

If your Home Assistant has other controllers, such as a [Zigbee](/integrations/zha/) or a [Z-Wave](/integrations/zwave_js/) controller, and you have Zigbee or Z-Wave devices, these could be detected and shown here. However, these devices usually need to be paired first.

## Creating a new dashboard

The default **Overview** dashboard updates automatically when you add new devices. However, once you start editing the default dashboard, it no longer updates automatically. For this reason, we start here by adding a new dashboard. This lets us keep the default **Overview** dashboard.

Follow the steps in [Creating a new dashboard](/dashboards/dashboards/#creating-a-new-dashboard).

## Editing cards in a new dashboard

> 1. Open your new dashboard and in the top right of the screen, select the <img height="28px" src="/images/blog/2024-03-dashboard-chapter-1/mdi-edit.png" alt="Edit icon"/> button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open your new dashboard and in the top right of the screen, select the {% icon "mdi:pencil" %} button.
```
You can use these inline icons from Iconify: 
https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/documenting/integration-docs-examples#inline-icons
